So now, let's talk about
the AWS Health Dashboard.
So there are two parts.
There is a Service History and then your accounts.
So the Service History will show you all the regions
and all the services' health.
It looks like this.
So you can follow, based on the region you're in,
how a service behaved, if there was any issue with it.
And you can look at history.
So this is for each day
and there is an RSS feed you can subscribe to.
It used to be previously called
the AWS Service Health Dashboard.
So this is just general information.
The next one we have is the AWS Health Dashboard,
which is for your accounts.
So it used to be called
the AWS Personal Health Dashboard, PHD,
but now just Health Dashboard for Your Accounts,
and it'll provide you alerts and remediation guidance
when AWS is going to be experiencing events
that impact you directly.
So while the Service Health Dashboard
will display a general status of all your services,
the Account Health Dashboard will give you a view
for the performance and the availability
for the services that you're actually using
in your accounts and your resources.
It gives you relevant and timely information
and also gives you notifications
to proactively look out
for scheduled maintenance activities.
On top of it, within this Health Dashboard for Your Accounts
you can aggregate data for your entire AWS organization.
So to get access to your health dashboard,
just click on the top right corner next to the bell
and you'll have access to it.
So it's a global service and it will show directly
the outages that directly impact you.
You will get the event log to see past events.
And you can see, for example, on this one,
that there was an EC2 issue in US East 2
that could have impacted me.
So you'll get alerts, remediation information,
proactive notification
in case there is a scheduled change,
as well as scheduled activities.
Alright, that's it.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.